yo yo what's up guys and today we're
playing some modern warfare 2 it's an
older game play and that's why I have it
so I see what I'm using Scott its search
and destroy on the map derail ska
grenade launcher heartbeat bling cold
water ninja get that shot out of the way
anyways guys some kind of good news
another time of bad news um anyway I
kind of pulled seen it um yeah so I
found a whole entire folder of just all
gameplays and old just old footage of me
playing call of duty and it's working
out really good because um good 12
because of the PSN average I can't go to
see them about what I can't get any new
game plays and is if you guys remembered
um if you guys didn't remember um um
like a month ago I did like the top 5
plays the lead kind of thing it's not
that but uh yeah and I lost my whole
project overnight and I said I lost that
whole folder well I actually found it
and I it was actually just hiding I
can't believe how much footage is in
there there's like a day's worth of
footage you could probably stay up 24
hours and still be food this right here
is a failed Search and Destroy well
because soon as I start doing good i get
i have to pay for it i have to suffer
the consequences for playing good
whenever i do good you know how this
game is but yeah so I've got some game
plan that's not combat training that's
gonna be super fun it's just gonna be
super fun mom um but yeah you read stuff
uh I don't know why I decided to upload
model referred to was the first gameplay
in there and it was titled search and
destroy a model sorry modern warfare two
Search and Destroy fail so that sounds
something like i'd watch so i decided to
upload it so yeah guys it's been super
boring um yeah i've got a topic to cover
my next
I do which is going to be really
exciting I won't spoil it right now but
don't you love when you call in a UAV
and it goes across the map and there's
not one red dot you ghost Richards
actually guys there's a couple red dots
I don't know why I said that I'm Houston
black ops 2 call him like spy plane and
just to match completely emptied suck
what the hell that's so annoying anyways
guys um I'm really happy and really
excited i found my gameplay and i found
the folder that's really useful and yeah
not a whole lot going on lately all this
gameplay guys is a bit old or some of
its from the first month the game came
out and I I didn't realize that I was
still be stand back then but look at me
calling my prayer I'm 10 I'm wait yeah
I'm one away from my pavelow so our hey
mom one away from my Harrier air
strength I'm like oh my god easy quad
easy quad come on double triple sorry I
get my triple on hair your strike and
failure that sucks host migration come
on connect please connect come on you
bastard